# Certificates
- This is a repository containing all of my certificates in my self-studying during college. This courses is a certificates of completion of courses, paid courses from IC3, professional certificates, etc. Showcasing my immense dedication to continuous learnings and keep build projects to gain practical skills and collecting certificates for building my theoretical skills.

## IC3 Digital Literacy
- This certificate `IC3 Digital Literacy.pdf` is my first professional certificate and first paid courses that I bought from our university that is pre-requisite for my subject "Application Development" in 2nd year 2nd semester during 2023-2024 A.Y. Showcasing different knowledge about Digital Literacy, Networking, Basic Troubleshooting, Basic Window Applications, Cyber Bullying Solutions, Basic Knowledge of Hardware, etc. This sets me up for a more professional background and have a broader knowlege outside my field that I can utilize to be a flexible data engineer that have different basic digital skills.

## Understanding Data Engineering (DataCamp)
- This certificate `Understanding Data Engineering (DataCamp).pdf` is my first foundational online course in my specific field/craft. This sets me up in different theoretical fundamentals of data engineering. Like What is Data Engineering? What`s the difference of Data Engineers to Data Scientist? What is the Five V of Big Data, What is a Databases, Data Warehouses, Data Lakes? What is a Cloud Computing? What is a Parallel Processing, What is a Data Pipelines? What is a Automation/Schedulinmg? What is a Orchestration? Types of Scheduling? Different types of Data Processing? and Different types of Cloud Service Providers. This is all about the theoretical concepts and right mindset to set me up in the right track.

## Introduction to SQL (DataCamp)
- This is my second certificate to DataCamp `Introduction to SQL (DataCamp).pdf` and my first practical online course that sets me up in a real data engineering responsibilities. At first of course I know that it is only a fundamental programming language besides Python that Data Engineers used. This is a scholarship by the way provided by "Data Engineering Pilipinas" a Facebook Group that guides beginners, current professionals, and career shifters that wants to be a good Data Engineer. I learned about the basic querying of a tables inside a database, and creating views(virtual table that stores query code that may be used for future purposes). I learned also the different data types in a SQL, Schemas in a databases, Unique Identifier, Servers, SQL Basic Keywords, Proper Writing of SQL Queries that follows the general standards, Different SQL Flavors(PostgreSQL, Microsoft SQL, etc.).

## Intermediate SQL (DataCamp)
- This is a continuation of the first practical course that I take in a scholarship grant opportunity to "Data Engineering Pilipinas". This certificate `Intermediate SQL (DataCamp).pdf` contains more practical knowledge that I loved. Since I loved coding very much and building projects based on what I`ve learned, I created various mini-projects based on it. You can check it in a different repository name [Roadmap](https://github.com/christianebacani/Roadmap). This showcases my ability to create any ideas that I can come up with when I learned this practical knowledge. To be honest I love practical skills rather than theoretical skills that is why I decided to become a Data Engineer and dedicate myself to continuous learnings/improvements, besides also that I can gain benefits like problem solving skills by systematizing the problem or making a step-by-step process to solved it/designating it into a different subtask just like a DAGs in a pipelines and of course I would lie if I said that I do not want the salary benefits. But I know I am still halfway through that and I should focus on building my knowledge and gaining practical experience and salary will follow-up. My practical knowledge that I gain was aggregating functions (COUNT, MAX, MIN, AVG, SUM), using filtering (WHERE, LIKE, NOT LIKE, IS NULL, IS NOT NULL, BETWEEN), rounding up a decimals (ROUND), filtering (ORDER BY), filtering aggregated functions (HAVING), grouping a set of records (GROUP BY), using arithmetic operations(+, -, *, /), using conditional operators (IN, AND, OR). This certificate is a proof to my dedication to continuous learnings and I know that it is only a fundamentals but as soon as the small steps and incremental steps is consistent I know that I can reach my goal to be a good and successful Data Engineer that can impact a company based on our skills and knowledge.
